Improves readme (#2281)
nanoframework/nf-interpreter: README.md

-----
Document Language: [English](README.md) | [中文简体](README.zh-cn.md)

### Welcome to the .NET **nanoFramework** interpreter repository!

## Build status

| Component | Build Status |
|:-|---|
| nanoBooter + nanoCLR | [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/nanoframework/nf-interpreter/_apis/build/status/nanoframework.nf-interpreter?repoName=nanoframework%2Fnf-interpreter&branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/nanoframework/nf-interpreter/_build/latest?definitionId=34&repoName=nanoframework%2Fnf-interpreter&branchName=main) |
| Win32 test project | [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/nanoframework/nf-interpreter/_apis/build/status/nanoframework.nf-interpreter?repoName=nanoframework%2Fnf-interpreter&branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/nanoframework/nf-interpreter/_build/latest?definitionId=34&repoName=nanoframework%2Fnf-interpreter&branchName=main) |

## .NET nanoFramework interpreter for reference boards

> Each of the linked files contain the board firmware binaries for nanoBooter (if applicable) and nanoCLR in various formats (`.HEX`, `.BIN` and `.DFU`). They should be flashed to the target board using an appropriate software utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the linked files contain the board firmware binaries for nanoBooter (if applicable) and nanoCLR in various formats (`.HEX`, `.BIN` and `.DFU`). They should be flashed to the target board using [nanoff](https://github.com/nanoframework/nanoFirmwareFlasher) or the appropriate software utility depending on the target MCU.
```
